Do you think there's a limit to the kind of beautiful complex systems we can
build with this kind of modular design is like,
uh, you know, if we build increasingly more complicated,
you can think of like the internet. Okay. Let's scale it down.
Well, you can think of like social network,
like Twitter mm-hmm <affirmative> as on computing system.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and, but those are little modules. Yeah. Right.
But it's built on, it's built on so many components,
nobody at Twitter even understands. Right. So that's so,
so if an alien showed up and looked at Twitter,
you wouldn't just see Twitter as a beautiful, simple thing that everybody uses,
which is really big.
You would see the network, it runs on the fiber objects, the datas transported,
the computers, the whole thing is so bloody complicated.
Nobody Twitter understands it. And so I, I think.
That's what the alien would see. So yeah,
if an alien showed up and looked at Twitter or looked at the various different
network systems that you could see on earth.
So imagine there were really smart and it could comprehend the whole thing.
And then they sort of, you know, evaluated a human and thought,
this is really interesting. No human on this planet comprehends the system.
They built.
No individual. Well, they even see individual humans. That's an in like we,
humans are very human centric, entity centric.
And so we think of us as the organ,
as the central organism and the networks as just the connection of organisms,
but from a perspective of an, from an outside perspective, it seems like.
Yeah, I get it. We're the ants. And they'd see the, an.
Colony, the, an colony. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or the result of production of the,
an colony, which is like cities and yeah. It's, it's, uh,
yeah, in that sense, humans are pretty impressive.
The modularity that we're able to and the, and how robust,
where it's noise and mutation and all that kind of stuff. Well.
That's cuz it's stress tested all the time. Yeah. <laugh>, you know,
you build all these cities with buildings and you get earthquakes occasionally
and wars, you know, some, you know, wars, earthquakes.
Viruses, every once in a while, <laugh>.
You know, changes in business plans for, you know,
like shipping or something like, like as long as it's all stress test,
then it, it keeps adapting to the, the situation. So the
that's a curious phenomena.